hi everyone this is my review for my
little pony friendship is magic with
what's your girl's a question girls at
the movie course on spin off her month
20 but they didn't cited to do like
these short little skin and case for the
base was so adorable like an age to
watching it I found it's the most
amazing thing ever we have apple pie and
apple jack um wanting her face back but
her mother I mean grandmother mother um
she sold in the civil and son fortunate
saw her face has sold so it's really
cool to see like my little pony in the
human universe like rather than seeing
them as like you know um that's my love
for you sir really enjoyed watching it I
thought he's most amazing and really got
his rule like just watching them and
it's really cool to Abidjan and she's
like playing in the front of store and
try to promote his eyes that took her
vase originally and her grandmother cuz
I sick anymore you could the base and
then she was like and she hit her head
like like saying let you know I can't
believe you never leave like she sold it
she oh that's okay but she's really you
know she's an elderly lady it's really
really busy and someone she murmurs
everything her granddaughter guys who
felt like that that's an adult you know
for all busy and we don't however so
feel free to leave a comment below
letting me eat or on like i said i'm a
new fan of my little pony i think some
like the most amazing show ever and
apple jack is my favorite because like
she's is so cool just watching that
she's such a hard worker like because
she hasn't worked really hard to get
what she wants i will not be allowing
comments underneath over
because I don't deserve to get believe
on the site and if I want to give my
opinion on something I can or share my
video blogs you can also check me out on
Twitter Google+ to leave me a comment
there but for now I will not be a lot in
common for a while don't shoot the fact
that people keep harassing me what I'm
not doing anything wrong like you know
what I mean like oh well I don't
understand what people like cap to say
things me all the time so yes I am a fan
of my little pony there's my poster I
have earrings justice and I don't care
if you're going to say oh yeah just
because you have baggage in your pants
doesn't matter I am a fan and I've on
the show and I want to give my feedback
i can i'm not doing anything wrong so
thanks again for watching and have a
great day and I saw like I'd say so you
can keep harassing me buying and I don't
care if I don't have friends but my
little ponies are my friends and they
understand me have a great day